Feature/update readme (#138)
nodes-vapor/keychain: README.md

    ...
]
```

## Usage
These are the steps required to use Keychain in your project.

> 1. Define a Payload which must conform to the `KeychainPayload` protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define a Payload that conforms to the `KeychainPayload` protocol
```

2. Create `KeychainConfig` objects for the key types you would like to use
3. Configure your `Keychain` using a `Signer` and the `KeychainConfig` objects defined in step 2
4. Actually start using your `Keychain`

> Time to look at each step in detail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time to look at each step in detail.
```

### Define a Payload

Your payload must conform to the  `KeychainPayload` protocol, meaning that it must contain:
- `init(expirationDate: Date, user: User) throws`
- `func findUser(request: Request) -> EventLoopFuture<User>` which is where you do a search for the user you were presented in the `init` method
- `func verify(using signer: JWTSigner) throws` which will verify that your token is still valid

> Furthermore you need to tell your `KeychainPayload` what its `associatedtype` for User translates to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore you need to tell your `KeychainPayload` what its `associatedtype` for `User` translates to.
```

> Here is an example that uses elements from a JWT token and verifies that the `ext` part is not expired. Note that `findUser` in this case only returns a test user. In real life you probably want to do a lookup somewhere where users are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example that uses elements from a JWT token and verifies that the expiration (`exp`) claim is not expired. Note that `findUser` in this case only returns a test user. In real life you probably want to do a lookup somewhere where users are stored.
```

    }

    func verify(using signer: JWTSigner) throws {
        try exp.verifyNotExpired()
    }
}
```

### Create `KeychainConfig` Objects

Your `KeychainConfig` objects must contain:

> - an identifier (eg: access, refresh or reset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an identifier (eg: access, refresh or reset): `jwkIdentifier`
```

> - an expirationTimeInterval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an `expirationTimeInterval`
```

And you need to connect your `KeychainConfig` with the `KeychainPayload` you defined in step 1 (the `KeychainConfig` has a `typealias` for a `KeychainPayload`).

Here is an example creating three `KeychainConfig` objects:

> - A `UserAccessKeychainConfig` with the identifier "access" and a expirationTimeInterval of 300 seconds
> - A `UserRefreshKeychainConfig` with the identifier "refresh" and a expirationTimeInterval of 600 seconds
> - A `UserResetKeychainConfig` with the identifier "reset" and a expirationTimeInterval of 400 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `UserAccessKeychainConfig` with the identifier "access" and an `expirationTimeInterval` of 300 seconds
- A `UserRefreshKeychainConfig` with the identifier "refresh" and an `expirationTimeInterval` of 600 seconds
- A `UserResetKeychainConfig` with the identifier "reset" and an `expirationTimeInterval` of 400 seconds
```

}
```

### Configure your `Keychain`

Time to tie it all together! In your `configure.swift` you can add multiple `KeychainConfig` objects as seen here:

```swift
app.keychain.configure(
    signer: .hs256(key: YourKeyGoesHere...ProbablyReadFromSomeEnvironment),
    config: UserAccessKeychainConfig()
)
app.keychain.configure(
    signer: JWTSigner(
        algorithm: TestJWTAlgorithm(name: UserRefreshKeychainConfig.jwkIdentifier.string)
    ),
    config: UserRefreshKeychainConfig()
)
app.keychain.configure(
    signer: JWTSigner(
        algorithm: TestJWTAlgorithm(name: UserResetKeychainConfig.jwkIdentifier.string)
    ),
    config: UserResetKeychainConfig()
)
```

> Note the `signer` parameter. You can use one of the built in signers as in the first example where we use the `.hs256` signer with a key. or you can provide your own signer as it is done in the last two examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the `signer` parameter. You can use one of the built-in signers as in the first example where we use the `.hs256` signer with a key. Alternatively, you can provide your own signer as it is done in the last two examples.
```

### Actually start using your `Keychain`

With all the setup out of the way, it is time to kick back and take advantage of `Keychain`. You can now use the `UserAccessKeychainConfig`, `UserRefreshKeychainConfig` and `UserResetKeychainConfig` objects that you created previously to generate JWT tokens by calling the `makeToken(on:, currentDate:)`

> Here is an example on how to generate a new refreshToken.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example on how to generate a new `refreshToken`.
```
